Seeing people with two gods
Now she's married again
Hmph, you really won't be mourned
Your Xiao family is not like this either
In my opinion, half a catty is eight taels
The sum of one hill
Thanks to the God of Wealth who helped my Fang family back then
Break through the evil
Only then did Fanglin's name, which is now extremely Lingyun
It also has the current brilliance of the Fang family
Please also ask the God of Wealth to disregard the past
Marry Fang Lin as his wife
If the Alliance Leader had had such an attitude just now
I, Luo Zhan, naturally have no second words.
But the day before yesterday, Lord God of Wealth also told me
Want me to help your Fang family
Become the first world in the Xiangzhou talent world
And you don't know the true God
Want to break the engagement
So ignorant
How can you marry the God of Wealth?
That's right, your Fang family doesn't know what's good or bad
Now Lord Luo is a double god
What if you don't marry the daughter of your Fang family?
Hey
Liao's Group's pearl Liao Mei is willing to control adults
Huo's Group is the apple of the eye
Huo Xiaoyu is willing to control adults
Lu Group's pearl in the palm of Lu Xue is willing to control adults
This group of follow the wind
I just borrowed this group of people, they are really celebrities on the Internet
Liu Zhan is right
Back then, he was destroyed by the three major aristocratic families
Now there is still the Su family Weaver Girl
You should see Su Qin before making a decision on the marriage
As expected of the extreme Lingyun
You can understand my heart so well
If so
Miss Fang's trip to the Su family after that
Come with me